---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1mOTI5CR5pJhd8wr5Zp-ZPdpM1lLr78rFG9IBvwdfXa8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making the next step onto lights</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finishing all the code so we could move onto lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a light working</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I believe in some aspects yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by going along with the booklet and seeking out other members of the classes ways of doing so. We finished some code in the booklet and then moved on to the lights and wires. We also learnt by all of us being called to the front and seeing a pair of 6 lights working in full action.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited for me and my partner weren't used to dealing with the wires so we took every challenge along with us. We seeked help from classmates so we had another opinion on things and from someone more experienced. I need to work on trying the new and bold in search of success.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time I shall use the experience I gathered from the last lesson to set up quicker. I also have saved the code so I don't need to type it all up hoping it will be done quicker. My learning can be improved only by pressing forward and making progress.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


