---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1stJ5wfYoPi1FgZ4BrBMlpKZGVlQPznO9KoW6ZTR3jmw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting up</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make as much progress on the fuze box booklet </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading through the booklet copying down some of the code it said in making the program work. I also read what it said to see if I could pick up any skills from that from which only a few things came to mind. Taking turns in reading the booklet made it seem to go faster also making each have an equal amount of reading and copying as every code needed to be copied onto the Fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was slowed down by having a few errors with my USB it was struggling to save the work. I need to try and fix this problem earlier on so it doesn't happen again in the future. Spending to much time on one thing would slow down progress so moving on was needed as well as one becoming slow of copying or reading.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will make sure the time is spent mainly on work and that the last few minutes will be spent on saving. This shall improve my learning for the more work done the less saving the closer I am to finishing. I will take 15 minute goes with my partner with reading booklet and the other copies it down so that w both get equal experience with both</td>
  </tr>
</table>


