---
title: Lesson 9
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-9/
source-id: 18vcoFM7dggGHvYMA3EjLQNnFwQubI-c_2HqcuCTeWIU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting to learn Python coding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>1/04/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Establishing our new classes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make progress on python code learning website Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by making full use of the hints and tips the website gave to crack the codes. I would consider what the previous code needed to have done to it so that you could proceed and applied that last knowledge into present tutorial to make life easier.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited by my struggle on one bit that seemed to puzzle me. I was limited by this for unless I completed this one I could not move on to the next stage. I should work on scanning the message more carefully and then see through that I don't over complicate it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I shall not move on until I remember nearly all/most of what I learnt in other lessons. My learning will be improved a bit by doing this to extend my knowledge on python I could always watch a few tutorials to get to grips. If I do not understand something I could always consult the friend or someone who understands the concept greater than I do for a useful bit of advice.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


