---
title: Lesson 6
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1_PA4tdTtRb_bouDuU9ct78-Gye7qUZgqobFj_iPukSk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting more lights on the circuit</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>starting the coding for it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have successfully five working lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by going first to fetch the box with the wires and lights. Next I had to get the coding on the computer so I could actually get the circuit running. I required a little bit of help from a classmate but soon enough we off and away. Methods included the booklet which was the guide and contained needed material.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited due to lack of familiarisation with the tools at hand and the code that was being transmitted. Also my partner and I were having difficulty with our memory sticks which were causing a bit of a delay so I think we should try and sort the problem out earlier on or seek another friends stick and temporarily save it there.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will seek help early on if faults are being displayed. I shall also get the circuit set up so when a first error is sorted we are all ready to go with everything ready. My learning would be improved if my partner got more familiar as well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


