---
title: Lesson 4
layout: post
author: joshua.larkin
permalink: /lesson-4/
source-id: 1hZAaV59ExjU7vcRi35ahUuXWGlFQ43nHMdnv1b_hYMs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Work on fuze box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To successfully complete a code and save it </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>make minimal mistakes and save work properly</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to save my work with a faulty memory stick. I also completed a full piece of code ranging for about 30 lines in its entirety. I managed to save the file successfully in my memory stick. I worked effectively by going according to the book it had me and my partner lesson with a nice bit of code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited due to the fact we had to fix errors with the computer such as plugs in wrong places and all of this. I need to work on memorising where all the plugs and sockets go to making the computer work. I also need to be able to pack up quicker so that I have more time working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time me and my partner shall set up fast have the computer ready turn it on and make progress faster. We shall also at the end be very quick at packing up so we have more time to use on the task itself and making memory of the lesson onto our iPads. My learning will be improved by the listening of others and recognising skills others are using so that I can be sure to use them myself.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


